there is no shortage of bad news that's
for sure every day the government is
responsible for creating this mess we
are in but why not take the other side
of the equation and look at the bright
side of all of this you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to do the opposite of
what we normally do and I want to look
at this from a different angle there's a
lot of things that are going going on
today which are manipulated
skewed and
distorted but why not just for a moment
see the good side beginning with this
the S SMP 500 it has been rising year
after year after year as we see many
individuals have been profiting as a
result let's just be clear about that
for those who invested on March of
2009 up until today they have done
extremely well that's something very
clear to me and kudos to anyone who has
done
so and has actually taken their profits
okay so the stock market has gone up
that is
one positive thing for those invested
cryptocurrencies this is something
relatively new in the world and you can
see that the market cap has increased
just like the stock market those
invested in these
cryptocurrencies have reaped the
rewards and hopefully in certain cases
they have taken their
profits and this is just one further
example then we have have what has
happened with real estate same situation
if they put their money in they have
been making
money okay so there have been assets
which have risen over the past few years
mortgage rates interconnected with that
mortgage rates hit a record low in a new
price War this happens to be from April
2017 but essentially the point I'm
trying to make here is that mortgage
rates are
very low at this time if they're not at
record lows where you live they're
probably near record lows so this has
allowed many people to buy homes and
that's something that a lot of people
want to do and I believe that if you
want to do that by all means you should
be able to do that and with record low
interest rates more people can buy homes
they can have that dream of home
ownership that's what's happened here
here recently and this is another case
where people have done
so with the recent activity that the
credit reports to exclude certain
negative data this had happened and many
people reported to me that in fact their
credit rating increased immediately
following this so we know it to be a
fact this
happened a lot of people because they
had higher credit now they can buy more
stuff so if that's the way that what
they want to do then that's great great
news and the FED I think this is amazing
just the fact that this exists that
people are interested in it that there
is
some knowledge of what the FED is that's
great we haven't got anywhere near
ending the FED but at least
having that message of End the Fed it
tells people well who's the fed and why
do we want to end it so at least we have
that eyes focused on even Occupy Wall
Street which ultimately didn't really
get anywhere I think that it made
strides at least in saying the bankers
are responsible for a lot of the mess
that we are in and we need to you know
this whole 1% and all that stuff I
didn't really necessarily agree with all
of it because of some of the things that
happened but at least at the very least
we have been focusing our attention on
the group a criminal group who have been
responsible for the evisceration of
wealth of the middle
class then we have clean energy new
technologies which have come on board
whether it's solar and wind and biofuels
and everything else that has been going
on I think it's a great
thing I know that obviously there are
government subsidies a lot of people
don't necessarily like that I totally
understand but what we need to look at
is that new technologies are coming on
board that are clean energy and it is
something that is perhaps beneficial to
many other people and the reason I like
them is not even the the Financial
aspect of it in in you know with tax
incentives or whatever it's the fact
that you can go off grid and getting
away from the dependence of the
government is ultimately the most secure
thing that you can do just like catching
rainwater this is a really good
infographic about rainwater catch
systems I think this is so good A lot of
people take it for granted because they
think that water is cheap but but it's
not just the cost but it's the safety as
well if you do it properly then it could
be a very safe way to have at least you
know if not your all your home's needs
then some of your homes needs perhaps
you use it to uh water the lawn and and
your garden and so on I think it's great
look at what happened in the various
cities around the world in fact where
the water supply had been contaminated
if they had their own water catchment
perhaps they wouldn't be encountering
the same mess so there are positive
things that are taking place I know I
don't cover them all the time but there
are real issues that are being avoided
in the mainstream media and that's
really what I like to
highlight I know that this video will
probably
do a lot worse than my other videos but
I think it's still important to cover a
lot of people keep harping on me because
I'm you know focusing on the negative or
whatever but self-sufficiency in my
opinion is the solution to our problems
I wrote you know a big part of my newest
book on it because I think that's a
positive thing becoming self-sufficient
is the way that we can have a movement
away from the financial system the
monetary system and be able to provide
for ourselves that's my message here
there are positive ways to look at
anything and I just wanted to cover a
few today
my points of course still stand but
that's all if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
hope you support my freedom of speech to
talk about these issues that I talked
about today but also my you know General
consensus if you found the videoos
informative I know you'll find my books
the money GPS and my new release global
economic collapse even more informative
the first book is about the four asset
classes and how to profit from them and
my new release is about tax in
incentives reducing your monthly
expenses and becoming self-sufficient I
talk about solar panels and everything
else in there if you want to check that
out just go to Amazon flip through the
books there the links are in the
description take care